
1. “Don’t worry about breaks every 20 minutes ruining your focus on a task. Contrary to what I might have guessed, taking regular breaks from mental tasks actually improves your creativity and productivity. Skipping breaks, on the other hand, leads to stress and fatigue.” – Tom Rath

2. “Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.” – Sam Levenson

3. I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks, but I do fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times. – Bruce Lee

4. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. – Stephen hawking

5. “Improved productivity means less human sweat, not more.” – Henry Ford

6. “I do not equate productivity to happiness. For most people, happiness in life is a massive amount of achievement plus a massive amount of appreciation. And you need both of those things.” – Tim Ferriss

7.  “Don’t confuse activity with productivity. Many people are simply busy being busy.” – Robin Sharma

8.  “If there are nine rabbits on the ground, if you want to catch one, just focus on one.” – Jack Ma

9. “Focus on being productive instead of busy.” -Tim Ferriss

10. “Until we can manage time, we can manage nothing else.” – Peter Drucker

11. “The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney

12. “Our work is never over.” – Kanye West

13. “All things will be produced in superior quantity and quality, and with greater ease, when each man works at a single occupation, in accordance with his natural gifts, and at the right moment, without meddling with anything else.” -Plato

14. “Plans are nothing; planning is everything.” -Dwight D. Eisenhower

15. “Learning never exhausts the mind.” -Leonardo da Vinci

16. “Our incomes are like our shoes; if too small, they gall and pinch us; but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip.” -John Locke

17. “Sometimes, things may not go your way, but the effort should be there every single night.” –Michael Jordan

18. “Action is the foundational key to all success.” –Picasso

19.  “Ordinary people think merely of spending time, great people think of using it.” –Arthur Schopenhauer

20. “Don’t think about what can happen in a month. Don’t think about what can happen in a year. Just focus on the 24 hours in front of you and do what you can to get closer to where you want to be.” –Eric Thomas

21. “The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you’re willing to work.” –Oprah Winfrey

22.“Time is an equal opportunity employer. Each human being has exactly the same number of hours and minutes in a day.” –Denis Waitley

23. “Worrying gets you nowhere. If you turn up worrying about how you’re going to perform, you’ve already lost.” –Usain Bolt

24. “People can be really smart or have skills that are directly applicable, but if they don’t really believe in it, then they are not going to really work hard.” –Mark Zuckerberg

25. “Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.” –Albert Einstein




